	My Native Language is American English. An example of this language is provided below.
	“I’m currently writing an essay for Numerical Language Processing class. I have written approximately three sentences so far for this essay.” 
	A word in this language is a sequence of characters not separated by spaces that have a clear and defined meaning, not including characters being used as punctuation. So “fdjfdk” is not a word since it doesn’t have a meaning. “Th ere” is also not a word since the sequence of characters is separated by a space, even though it could be combined to make a word. In the example above this paragraph, each of the combinations of characters separated by spaces is a word. I underlined them to make it clear. The word “I’m” is one word since the characters are not separated by a space and has a clear defined meaning. This is different from knowing the words “I” and “am” since while these words can create the same meaning, individually none of them mean the same thing. Abbreviations like N.L.P. for Natural Language Processing is a way to represent the three words Natural Language Processing, and therefore doesn’t count as a word on its own. N.L.P. is a representation of three words and counts as three words.
	Knowing a word means to understand and be able to explain a word’s meaning from memory. So even though I could look up words, that wouldn’t count as knowing a word. Also, not being able to explain a word would mean that I don’t truly know the word. As long as I did not look up the word, then using a word in a sentence would imply that I understand the word from memory. Looking up a word would mean that I used a dictionary, thesaurus, or some other outside source that isn’t my brain. If I did look up a word and memorize its meaning and how to use it, then it would count as knowing the word since I could then use the word from memory.
	I interpreted “how many” to mean the number of words you know. So if all the words I knew were from the original example sentence, how many I know would be 19. This is because there are 21 words, but two of the words are used twice. The words used twice only count as knowing one word each since they are the same word. Synonyms also don’t count as the same word since even though they have the same meanings, they have a different combination of characters and are therefore different words. So you would count each synonym you know. Similarly, combinations of characters that are the same but have different meanings are also different words. For example, “lead” and “lead” are the same combination of characters but have different meanings so are therefore different words and count as knowing two words. One means to guide while the other is a metal. 
	My estimate for the total number of words I know is approximately ____. I got this by first using the work_tokenize function from NLTK on this essay and 3 others I have recently written. I then used the set method in python to get only one instance of each word. By combining some of the essays and getting the difference in the number of unique words, I was able to get how much variation there is from essay to essay. I figure that essays are a good representation of what vocab I’m learning every year. By comparing these essays I can get a good number of most of the vocabulary words I know, especially since in essays I usually try to use as many different words as possible. Every essay also has a different topic, so the difference in essays is basically what I consider to be words that aren’t basic. Words that often appear like “the, and, I” are weeded out by this method. Using this I should be able to get a good number of unique words I know. The difference in essays was about ____. I multiplied this by 20 since that is usually about how many different papers I write a year. I looked back at my folders from this year and previous years to get that number. I then multiplied that by 16 to get the number of words I have probably learned while in school, which is where most words are learned. In my younger years I was probably writing less, but I was also learning a lot more words at a much faster rate, so I think including the years is a good idea and keeping the number the same is acceptable. My estimate for my total words was then at ____. To include the first 4 years of my life where you usually learned the basic words like “the, and, I” and such, I added one essay with unique words since that encompasses most basic sentence structure. The only thing left to consider was slang and informal speech not used in essays. Most of the words I know I would typically use in an essay, so this number is probably quite small and easily countable. In the past year I’ve learned probably about 40 words I wouldn’t use in an essay. So 40 * 10 since I’ve only been learning slang for the past 10 or so years is probably a good number to estimate slang. The final answer is therefore ______. 
