The Ethics of Belief Critical Summary
	William K. Clifford begins his paper by asking readers to imagine that there is a ship owner who has been told many times that his ship is not see worthy. This ship owner then proceeds to think that since the ship has made it so many times before, and it would cost him dearly to get the ship repaired, that it is not worth it to investigate the matter. When he sends the ship out, he is thoroughly convinced that the ship will make it to its destination. However, the ship does not make it and all the families aboard die. Now imagine that the ship had made it and everyone is safe. Clifford states that they are equally guilty. The outcome of the event doesn’t matter, it is how they acted. They both failed to investigate the matter further when there was compelling evidence to suggest that they should have the ship undergo repairs.
	Now Clifford moves into the reverse, that acting with insufficient evidence is also wrong. His example is that there is an island and on this island a group of people believe that the professors of a religion were taking children from their families and isolating them, in order to teach them their religion and spread the religion through unfair means. This group then moves to spread these rumors and cause as much trouble as possible for people they believe to have done this. There is then an inquiry and it is discovered that there is no evidence that the professors of the religion had done anything wrong. Clifford then claims that even had the investigation proved that the professors of the religion were kidnapping children, they are no more morally right than the group who turned out to be wrong. They are morally wrong because they acted without evidence, it is no matter whether they were right or wrong.
	In order to be morally correct you must sever yourself from beliefs or judgment before receiving sufficient evidence. You cannot separate the belief from action. A man holding a strong belief cannot possibly investigate a matter fairly. You also cannot even hold the slightest belief for once you do it will start to grow and be confirmed through denying or ignoring evidence suggesting otherwise, and other like minded people fueling the belief. Therefore one cannot harbor any beliefs before having the evidence to support it.
	These proclamations beg the question; “Are we then to become universal sceptics, doubting everything, afraid to put one foot before the other until we have personally tested the firmness of the road?” (Clifford, 6). Clifford essentially says yes. We should base things on scrupulous care and self-control of our beliefs. He even goes as far to say that it is our duty even to question the traditions and authorities of facts from those before us. It would be a disservice to the people who have passed down their knowledge to not question it and test it ourselves. It is our duty to investigate what others have told us and then improve upon previous understandings with our own discoveries. We have no reason to fear however that this will impede our daily life. People act upon probability and probability is evidence, so if you follow this life style you will not be impeded in the slightest. You can still perform your daily duties and act upon what you have experienced so far.
	I generally agree with Clifford and like what he has to say. I do however believe that he takes it too far. Idealistically we could only act upon evidence, but I fear that the lifestyle he seeks will lead to a stunt in growth and an impediment in everyday life. I also cannot see how future generations can learn from us, if they are questioning everything we taught them. We should, to a certain extent, question what is told to us and what higher authorities present to us. However we cannot let this get in the way of progress. We also cannot allow insufficient evidence to prevent us from taking action, when action or investigation is necessary. 
